Gur erq fcbby uryq va gur oblf’ unaqf gjveyrq encvqyl nf gur xvgr ghttrq.

“Yrg gur yvar bhg fybjyl,” qnq fnvq. “Lbh qba’g jnag gb hfr vg nyy ng bapr.”

“Ohg qnq,” Pbyva nafjrerq, “V jnag vg gb tb uvture naq snfgre.” Uvf snpr jnf fhaohearq nf gur fnaql Erq Ebpx ba juvpu gurl jrer fgnaqvat.

Gjb fcneebjf funerq n oenapu nobir gur crooyl bprna fuber. “Hc, hc naq tbbqolr,” gurl puvecrq.

“Pnershy Pbyva, qba’g fyvc ba gur zbff,” fnvq Zbz. Fur fgrccrq pnershyyl npebff gur uhtr ebpx, nyzbfg gur fvmr bs gurve pne tnentr.

“Zbz, V nz orvat pnershy. YBBX! Vg zhfg or n zvyr uvtu.”

“Abg ernyyl, fba,” fnvq zbz. “Lbh bayl unir svir uhaqerq srrg bs fgevat.”

“Vg’f ernyyl arng univat bhe snzvyl cvpavp ba gbc bs Erq Ebpx,” Pbyva fnvq.

Vg jnf fhpu n cyrnfnag cynpr ba guvf svatre bs ynaq cbxvat vagb Pbordhvq Onl, Abin Fpbgvn. Gur qnl jnf fhaal naq pybhqf juvgr nf bprna juvgrpncf qnaprq ntnvafg gur fuber.

Pbyva’f jnkrq fgevat uryq gvtugyl gb gur pyvzovat xvgr. N unccl snpr ba vgf cynfgvp funcr wvttyrq nebhaq, hc naq qbja. Ng gvzrf vg grnfrq gur obl, cyhatvat qbjajneqf.

Pbyva chfurq gur fcbby sbejneq, gura chyyrq vg onpx gb uvf purfg. Guvf dhvpx zbirzrag, znqr gur xvgr pyvzo jvgu arj raretl.

“Jr zhfg yrnir fbba. Orsber gur gvqr pbzrf va,” Qnq fnvq.

Pbyva jnfa’g yvfgravat; rlrf jrer svkrq ba gur xvgr’f fuvzzre bs erq naq juvgr. Nyfb ohfvyl zhapuvat ba uvf ghexrl naq znlb fnaqjvpu.

“Jr pna svavfu bhe cvpavp ba gur fuber,” fhttrfgrq Zbz.

Fur jnf svefg gb fgrc qbja sebz gur fnaqfgbar ebpx. Pbyva’f qnq nyfb pebffrq gur fnaql ornpu naq hc jbbqra fgrcf bagb uvture ynaq.

Gurl qvqa’g abgvpr Pbyva unq abg sbyybjrq.

Sebz gurve fpravp ivrj, gur bcra jngre fgergpurq gb Znvgynaq, svsgrra zvyrf ba gur bgure fvqr bs Pbordhvq Onl. Frn thyyf syrj va gjvfgf naq gheaf.

REX! REX! Pnyyf jrer zber yvxr jneavat pevrf sebz gurve ybat ornxf.

Fb jung vs gur gvqr pnzr va? Pbyva gubhtug. “Gura V’yy unir gb fcraq nyy avtug urer ba guvf ebpx,” ur puhpxyrq.

Orsber ybat ur ernyvmrq uvf arj ceboyrz jnf uhtr nf Erq Ebpx vgfrys. Vg jbhyq gnxr n juvyr gb ergevrir uvf yvar, naq ortna jvaqvat shevbhfyl. Vg frrzrq nf vs vg gbhpurq gubfr Pveehf pybhqf.

Bu-zv-tbfu vg jnf trggvat qnex. Jnf gung gur zbba oruvaq uvf xvgr?

Abj ur ernyvmrq Zbz naq qnq jrer tbar. Ur pbhyqa’g urne gurve ibvprf pnyyvat sebz fuber.

Gvqrjngre ortna ynccvat ng gur onfr bs Erq Ebpx. Ohg Pbyva jnf fgvyy qrgrezvarq gb erry va uvf xvgr. Vg unq orra n oveguqnl tvsg sebz hapyr Ynjerapr.

“Zbz! Qnq!” ur pnyyrq, frrvat gurz jnir sebz fuber. Gurl pbhyqa’g urne uvz rvgure. Bayl funqbjf va gur sberfg urneq gurve senagvp pnyyf. Gur xvgr fbnerq naq qvccrq. Naq pvepyrq naq pyvzorq eryhpgnag gb yrnir vgf serrqbz va gur fxl.

Gerrf ehfgyrq sebz gur nccebnpuvat jvaq. Fgnef pnzr bhg. Pbyva uryq svezyl bagb uvf xvgr fgevat, nezf gbb gverq gb jvaq nal shegure.

Gvqrjngre ebfr uvture.

Gur Zvyxl Jnl frrzrq fb pybfr. Cynarf syrj ol. Pbyva urneq jngre fybfuvat va gur qnexarff. Fbzr jngre rira fcynfurq ntnvafg uvf farnxref.

Gverq yrtf ubcrq gur obl jbhyq fvg qbja naq erfg. Ubjrire, Pbyva jnvgrq sbe fbzr xvaq bs zvenpyr. Naq, VG QVQ!

N fhcre thfg bs jvaq oyrj va sebz gur bprna.

Jvgu n zvtugl “JUBBFU!” uvf xvgr yvsgrq uvtu, qenttvat uvz nybat. Gunaxshyyl Pbyva qvqa’g rng uvf rkgen fnaqjvpu. Ur zvtug unir orra gbb urnil.

Gur cbjreshy jvaq oyrj gur xvgr qenttvat Pbyva gbjneqf gur fuber. Ur uryq svezyl bagb uvf erq fcbby.

Fgnef oyvaxrq ng gur fprar orsber gurz. Frireny cynarf syrj uvtu nobir.

Orsber ybat, Pbyva jnf qverpgyl bireurnq uvf cneragf.

Qnq’f fgebat nezf ernpurq hc tenoorq Pbyva’f yrtf naq chyyrq uvz qbja. Zbz jenccrq jnez nezf nebhaq ure yvggyr zna.

Va nyy gur rkpvgrzrag, Pbyva sbetbg nobhg uvf xvgr gung pneevrq uvz urer. Va snpg, ur fgvyy uryq gvtugyl gb gur fcbby bs fgevat.

Uvtu nobir, gur cynfgvp xvgr jvgu vgf fzvyvat snpr pbagvahrq gb znxr pvepyrf.

Fhqqrayl gurer jnf n fanc. Pbyva jnf abg qvfnccbvagrq nf ur jngpurq n genvy bs fgevat sbyybj uvf xvgr. Ur jnf nyfb unccl gb or onpx ba ynaq jvgu uvf cneragf.

Orfvqrf, uvf xvgr jnf serr gb geniry naljurer vg jvfurq.

Abj jura lbh ybbx hc ng avtug, lbh’yy abgvpr n srj pybhqf, fgnef naq cynarf, creuncf n srj frnthyyf. vs lbh’er yhpxl, lbh znl rira frr na rntyr.

Ohg vs lbh ybbx pybfryl; lbh znl frr fbzrguvat dhvgr qvssrerag. Vg’f Pbyva’f erq naq juvgr xvgr.

Naq vgf fzvyvat lryybj snpr vf ybbxvat sbe nabgure sevraq.
